add some details to the readme file to setup testgrid and a brief int… (#2849)
replicatedhq/kURL: testgrid/README.md

# TestGride
Testgrid is a an automation testing platform for kurl.

> Testgrid spins up vms and installs kurl + kubernetes and runs conformance tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testgrid installs kURL specs on a set of linux os versions and runs conformance tests.
```

## TestGride components and Architecture
- TestGride has three main components.
   - TGAPI: API is the main player that store and retrive the data to and from the database
   - Web: is the web interface for tests

>    - TGrun: runner that pull the queued tests and start to test them

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - TGrun: a daemon that polls the api for queued runs and starts new vms and tests.
```

![test-gride-architecture](./assets/testgride-architecture.drawio.png)

> # Run Testgrid local

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Run Testgrid Locally
```

## Prerequests
- Have docker running locally
- Have some k8s cluster running
- Install [SchemaHero](https://schemahero.io/docs/installing/kubectl/)
- Set `GOOS` and `GOARCH`
```bash
   export GOOS=linux
   export GOARCH=amd64
```
## Run Testgride using skaffold
- If you are using ``longhorn`` to provision the PVC you will need to do the following changes to ``web`` service

  1- Change the port in the ``Dockerfile.skaffold`` to ``30881`` as port ``30880`` is used by ``longhorn``

>   2- In ``webpack.dev.config.js`` file change the port in the following code to be ``30881`` instead 0f ``8080``

Reviewer: can you make this change and remove it from these docs as well as update it anywhere its referenced in testgrid/web/kustomize?

  ```
  devServer: {
    port: 8080,
    host: "0.0.0.0",
    hot: true,
    hotOnly: true,
    historyApiFallback: {
      verbose: true,
    },
    disableHostCheck: true,
  },
  ```

>   3- In env/development.js file make sure to use the localhost domain for the API as we will do port-forward later to the localhost

Reviewer: can you make this change as well and remove it from these docs? we now use env/okteto.js for okteto

  ```
   API_ENDPOINT: `http://localhost:{port}/api/v1`
  ```

- Build tgapi: `(cd tgapi && make build)`

- Build tgrun: `(cd tgrun && make build)`

- Install skaffold: https://skaffold.dev/docs/install/

- From the TESTGRID folder run the following command
```bash
skaffold run --default-repo ttl.sh/yourname-testgrid
```
- This might take time

- Setup port-forwards
``` bash

> kubectl port-forward svc/tgapi 30110:3000 &

Reviewer: do you want to remove the nodeport service?

https://github.com/replicatedhq/kURL/blob/5af497c081a7b0f4db0ee758ded78ff679fcba1e/testgrid/tgapi/kustomize/overlays/dev/service.yaml#L12

> kubectl port-forward svc/testgrid-web 30881:30881

Reviewer: do you want to remove the nodeport service?
https://github.com/replicatedhq/kURL/blob/5af497c081a7b0f4db0ee758ded78ff679fcba1e/testgrid/web/kustomize/overlays/dev/service.yaml#L13

Reviewer 2: I guess it is a good idea to remove it, normally we don't need to specify the nodePort

Author: I guess it does make more sense if we removed it.
